listen i'm goin down to south beach then
I told you about that all right I don't
know you might have baby what do you
want to do you want to have sex since
we're going to bed yeah file well that's
her oh that's hot bollywood oh this is
unbelievable yeah I know it's a little
strange yeah Frank tomorrow morning
you're gonna go to the bank and draw 1
million dollars out here account and
deposit to account number eight I so
down my stenographer a million dollars
it's just gonna happen what you mean
should I get it drop me to get it maybe
should get it I'll get it I'm getting it
I'm afraid mr. Dawson isn't here right
now miss Melanie with the big the woman
would have hang up the phone us they
think it's a game I'll call him we need
to make an impression Melanie is he
upstairs what did he leave the app I'm
willing to cooperate cuz I like you I
don't want to end up in the ocean again
she fell for divorce you tell him he's
never gonna see his wife again he
doesn't want to see his wife again you
just saved him a hundred grand a year in
alimony are you gonna kill me to a
problem I him that heart you hope you
didn't
you're a hunk but you are piss-poor
extortionist if you don't mind me saying
he's so dumb it's adorable
hey you keep your wife out here
someone's liable to a steeler your
promise